Added grafana dashboard for YugabyteDB (#4844)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: cloud/grafana/README.md

# YugabyteDB Grafana Dashboard

> This [Grafana documentation link](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/reference/export_import/#importing-a-dashboard) can help to import the YugabyteDB dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import the YugabyteDB Grafana dashboard, please see this [Grafana documentation link](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/reference/export_import/#importing-a-dashboard).
```

> This dashboard tested with Grafana v6.0.0 and v7.0.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard was tested with Grafana v6.0.0 and v7.0.3.
```

## Best Practice:

> - Set --metric_node_name flag in YugabyteDB configuration to get proper node name in YugabyteDB dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In cases where YugabyteDB is being [manually deployed](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/manual-deployment/), please specify a unique value for the flag `--metric_node_name` for each server in order to see distinct graphs.
```

> - YugabyteDB dashboard uses Prometheus' job name to separate multiple YugabyteDB clusters so, create the scrape jobs in Prometheus individually for every YugabyteDB cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The dashboard uses the Prometheus' job name to separate multiple YugabyteDB clusters. Creating individual scrape jobs for each cluster will allow the graphs to be separated cleanly.
```
